README.md, before:

# Algorithm Exercises
#### Currently implemented algorithms
- Heapsort
  - Heapify-down implemented as non-recursive
- Quicksort
  - Uses the Hoare partition scheme
  - Uses median-of-three pivot selection (considering implementing the ninther for larger lists)
- Insertion sort
- Introsort
  - Using C++ STL implementation
  - Quicksort is performed to a maximum depth given by 2×log2(n), then heapsort is done on any list longer than 16, finally an insertion sort pass
- Bogosort
  - Random & permutation methods implemented
  - Removed from test/timeTest.cpp as it is horribly slow
    - Using random input of length `n` made of random numbers generated in the range `[a,b]`, the expected number of iterations is `(b-a+1)^n / ((b-a+1)+n choose (b-a+1))`
    - Ex. `length=100 & range=[1,10]`, expected number of iterations is `10^100 / (110 choose 10)` which equals `2.13 × 10^96`
- Bubble sort
- Merge sort
  - Implemented using a bottom-up approach (non-recursive)
- Selection sort

#### Planned algorithms
- Timsort
- Smoothsort

Commit message:

a bit more explanation for merge sort

README.md, after:

# Algorithm Exercises
#### Currently implemented algorithms
- Heapsort
  - Heapify-down implemented as non-recursive
- Quicksort
  - Uses the Hoare partition scheme
  - Uses median-of-three pivot selection (considering implementing the ninther for larger lists)
- Insertion sort
- Introsort
  - Using C++ STL implementation
  - Quicksort is performed to a maximum depth given by 2×log2(n), then heapsort is done on any list longer than 16, finally an insertion sort pass
- Bogosort
  - Random & permutation methods implemented
  - Removed from test/timeTest.cpp as it is horribly slow
    - Using random input of length `n` made of random numbers generated in the range `[a,b]`, the expected number of iterations is `(b-a+1)^n / ((b-a+1)+n choose (b-a+1))`
    - Ex. `length=100 & range=[1,10]`, expected number of iterations is `10^100 / (110 choose 10)` which equals `2.13 × 10^96`
- Bubble sort
- Merge sort
  - Implemented using a bottom-up approach (non-recursive)
  - In-place merge method also implemented just in case memory is a concern
    - Speed degrades to O(n^2)
- Selection sort

#### Planned algorithms
- Timsort
- Smoothsort
